It was truly a pleasure to have you here at
the University of Chile.  This is the first
time this meeting has been held outside of
the Universidad del Desarrollo, and that actually
strengthens us as groups, people
who might be just now interested in these
topics.  So all of that helps us
strengthen the bonds we already have
in the group and also connect with
new people who were able to come this year.  What was
different was the
satellite measurements.  They definitely contributed a
new way of seeing the reality
of the data, and hopefully by next
year we can have
concrete results on how that measurement was done,
because these conversations, this
creation of networks, is one of the
most important things we are
doing. But the talks are like
starting points for ideas or new
topics that are discussed. We always
talk about the projects that are
currently underway that use instruments or
sensors, which are the new topics at
the moment.  So, it seems very
contemporary to the topics being
discussed.  Ideas are also emerging for
next year's meeting.  We always
come away with more ideas than before.
There are many students who come to a conference or event of this kind for the first time, and this actually motivates them to continue in their studies and to pursue this type of research.  So there are
many benefits from many places where you
look at it.